c:\users\diego_silveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\obj\Debug\BugRobot.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\diego_silveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\diego_silveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\diego_silveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\diego_silveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\diego_silveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\diego_silveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\diego_silveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\diego_silveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\diego_silveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\diego_silveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\diego_silveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\diego_silveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\diego_silveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\BugRobot.Web.dll.config
c:\users\diego_silveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\BugRobot.Web.dll
c:\users\diego_silveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\BugRobot.Web.pdb
c:\users\diego_silveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\BugRobot.Lib.dll
c:\users\diego_silveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\diego_silveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.WorkItemTracking.Client.dll
c:\users\diego_silveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\diego_silveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\diego_silveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\diego_silveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\diego_silveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\diego_silveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\diego_silveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\diego_silveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Client.dll
c:\users\diego_silveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.WorkItemTracking.Common.dll
c:\users\diego_silveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Common.dll
c:\users\diego_silveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.WorkItemTracking.Client.QueryLanguage.dll
c:\users\diego_silveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.WorkItemTracking.Proxy.dll
c:\users\diego_silveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.WorkItemTracking.Client.DataStoreLoader.dll
c:\users\diego_silveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Diff.dll
c:\users\diego_silveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\BugRobot.Lib.pdb
c:\users\diego_silveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\diego_silveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.WorkItemTracking.Client.xml
c:\users\diego_silveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\diego_silveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\diego_silveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\diego_silveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\diego_silveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\diego_silveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\diego_silveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Common.xml
c:\users\diego_silveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Diff.xml
c:\users\diego_silveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\Microsoft.WITDataStore.dll
c:\users\diego_silveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\obj\Debug\BugRobot.Web.dll
c:\users\diego_silveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\obj\Debug\BugRobot.Web.pdb
D:\Projetos\Sustentacao\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
D:\Projetos\Sustentacao\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\Projetos\Sustentacao\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
D:\Projetos\Sustentacao\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\Projetos\Sustentacao\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
D:\Projetos\Sustentacao\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
D:\Projetos\Sustentacao\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
D:\Projetos\Sustentacao\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
D:\Projetos\Sustentacao\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
D:\Projetos\Sustentacao\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
D:\Projetos\Sustentacao\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
D:\Projetos\Sustentacao\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
D:\Projetos\Sustentacao\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\BugRobot.Web.dll.config
D:\Projetos\Sustentacao\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\BugRobot.Web.dll
D:\Projetos\Sustentacao\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\BugRobot.Web.pdb
D:\Projetos\Sustentacao\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\BugRobot.Lib.dll
D:\Projetos\Sustentacao\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
D:\Projetos\Sustentacao\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Projetos\Sustentacao\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Projetos\Sustentacao\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Projetos\Sustentacao\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
D:\Projetos\Sustentacao\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
D:\Projetos\Sustentacao\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
D:\Projetos\Sustentacao\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.WorkItemTracking.Client.DataStoreLoader.dll
D:\Projetos\Sustentacao\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\BugRobot.Lib.pdb
D:\Projetos\Sustentacao\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
D:\Projetos\Sustentacao\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Projetos\Sustentacao\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
D:\Projetos\Sustentacao\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
D:\Projetos\Sustentacao\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
D:\Projetos\Sustentacao\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Projetos\Sustentacao\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Projetos\Sustentacao\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\bin\Microsoft.WITDataStore.dll
D:\Projetos\Sustentacao\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\obj\Debug\BugRobot.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Projetos\Sustentacao\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\obj\Debug\BugRobot.Web.dll
D:\Projetos\Sustentacao\BugRobot\BugRobot.Web\obj\Debug\BugRobot.Web.pdb
